Update using Secure WebSocket Inbound Endpoint doc (#376)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/learn/examples/inbound-endpoint-examples/inbound-endpoint-secured-websocket.md

# Using the secure WebSocket inbound endpoint

> If you need to read and transform the content of WebSocket frames, the information in incoming WebSocket frames is not sufficient because the WebSocket protocol does not specify any information about the content-type of frames that flow through WebSocket channels. Hence, the Micro Integrator supports a WebSocket subprotocol extension to determine the content type of WebSocket frames.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to read and transform the content of WebSocket frames, the information in incoming WebSocket frames may not be sufficient because the WebSocket protocol does not specify any information about the content-type of frames that flow through WebSocket channels. Hence, the Micro Integrator supports a WebSocket subprotocol extension to determine the content type of WebSocket frames.
```

## Example use case

> Let's say you need to send messages between two WebSocket-based systems

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's say you need to send messages between two WebSocket based systems
```

This shows that the sequences are executed by the WebSocket inbound endpoint.

> You will also see that the message sent to the WebSocket server is transformed, and that the response is also transformed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will also see that both of the message sent to the WebSocket server and the response are transformed
```
